Date:20180825-27
Name of hosts: Danbee,Chi-Yu

Day start:0825 9am-11am  2pm-5pm; 0826 2pm-5pm; 0827 9am-11am
Lunch break start:
Lunch break end:
Day end:2pm

Number of participants:average 10 per day
Estimated average age group:children around 10; parents 40s
Brief description of the day:
The 1st day is sunny
The 2nd day is rainy
The 3rd day is cloudy
We were at the Greenbelt festival
We did not prepare hard cardboard for people to fill in survey and consent form easily.
So I tried to get some people sitting in front of our desk to filled in those paper works and get them doing the experiment while they are sitting
It turned out some people become relaxed
Most of the participants put the tablet a little bit far from them and if the calibration sequences did not work well, I always needed to ask them bring the tablet closer.
We had problem running the experiments with participants wearing glasses (the reflection of glasses were strong), 
so I would give them to try with glasses first and then aske them to remove the glasses

2 people running the experiment can be difficult!! 

I had problem saving the files (long-pressing the screen) so some video clips were not saved, but no people disagree to let us save the video.
Participants, both adult and children, were keen to do our experiments! Some adult, who did not do the experiment with us, would still agree to let their children do the experiment.
I have to say, to run this experiment smoothly, at least 2 people is needed. One in charge of the paperwork and the other in charge of the devices

Interesting conversation
One person with non-epileptic seizure participated our experiment and realized doing our experiment does not make her feel uncomfortable.
One person with ADHD told us she is very easy to get distracted.
One woman told us her son had difficulties in reading and then he received behavioural therapiest, which helped him read a novel.
One person said she learn how to read from left to right to she would tend to read the kinder's egg explanation from left to right
but if a person learned how to read from right to left (for example Chinese-speaking people), the result might be different.
People from various beckground (a retired professor, students, staffs in biotech company, scifci novel writers ) participated our experiments 
